Team Agreement
Communication
o	All members must attend Lecture (Tuesday 8pm – 10 pm) and the lab session (Monday 4pm – 6pm). If there is an unexpected circumstances that you cannot make it, let the group know in advance via Facebook group.
o	Weekly meeting will be held in Monday 12pm. The average length is about 15 minutes and can be extended in case of need.
o	Order of communication: Face to Face during meetings, Facebook Messenger.
In every meeting we will:
o	Discuss about what we have done and what we will do.
o	Try to solve any impediments (blocks)
o	Keep the discussion focusing on the topic
o	Give all team members the opportunity for equal participation
o	Be patient and effectively listen to other team member’s opinions and feels.
Work allocation will be based on:
o	The equality of contributions by all members.
o	Team member’s strong points and personal interests.
o	Work scope: 1 person for small tasks, 2 or more members for larger tasks.
Allocated work must be completed before day of completion, which is decided as a team.
Decision making process:
o	Encourage a diversity of opinions from members.
o	Respect and consider all team members ideas.
o	Be acceptable to new approaches and ideas.
o	Make final decision after thoughtful consideration and mutual agreement from all members.
In case of dispute:
o	Hold a face to face meeting as soon as possible. If it is not possible, there will be virtual meeting on Facebook instead.
o	Avoid further extending the argument.
o	Talk openly about the conflict and find out a solution which satisfies all members.
o	Draw lessons to avoid similar problems from happening in the future.
All team members have the same skill set and we are going to work in iteration. Therefore, the project role is equal for all of us. Quoc Hoang Nguyen is appointed to be the project manager. He is responsible for planning and scheduling the project. Other 2 members share equal responsibilities towards the project completion.
Team member names and sign-off
Name	Signature
Quoc Hoang Nguyen	 
Fred Palemene	 
Huynh Tram Nguyen	 
//change made here



  
